[Deployment] - More accurate local .env file recommendation (#20785)
symfony/symfony-docs: deployment.rst

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Most Symfony applications read their configuration from environment variables.

> While developing locally, you'll usually store these in `.env files <https://symfony.com/doc/current/configuration.html#configuring-environment-variables-in-env-files>`_. On production, you have two options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While developing locally, you'll usually store these in :ref:`.env files <configuration-env-var-in-dev>`. On production, you have two options:
```
For an internal link in doc we can write it this way

Author: Thanks for the clarification!
